this is he feeds on the souls who live
within it the innocence and the wicked
as the flames of hedonism licked the
very foundation of its society Nero
played and sang the destruction of Troy
[Music]
I'm the one you see I'm the demon said I
saw a vision of a cataclysmic event we
will create a legacy in this city I
think you could be so strong he sees it
too
Jeremiah escaped he's got Bruce I'm
bombs planted around the city
I know seeing is believing and I do want
you to believe me so the governor's
declared see off-limits until this
situation can be evaluated gangs from
Carter two hours the city's gonna be a
battle I'm not leaving Gotham is soon to
be each man for himself
I'm a savage place civilization how
fragile what should I do with you you to
the one person I love so I took the one
person you love this crucible of blood
will rise the dark night that your city
skarphol Falls
you
[Music]